# Alpha Delt Speech

### Intro

Brothers, soon to be former, brother president, 

First a run down of my life so far: born in Canada, lived in Korea and Switzerland, came back to Canada, everyone thought I was gay in HS,  played a lot of league of legends, didn't get laid, came to uni for engineering, now I study stats with a minor in commerce. 

I’ve worked for the government making excel tools to help program officers do their job, worked part time and get an 80% average last term; and for my soon-to be start up I keep the rest of the team on track to hit application and production deadlines. I am now on an 8 month remote coop as a product development intern. 

### The infinite game and the focus of the presidency

I learned in game theory about the infinite game, a game where you play with unknown objectives against opponents known and unknown. Mathematically the way to win is to focus inwards and be better than the player you were last turn. Life is an infinite game. Becoming the best house on campus is an infinite game. Lets not forget where we came from. PC 18 carried us out of $20k of debt, 19 held down the fort during a worldwide pandemic, 20 joined a cult during that pandemic to keep it going, and 21 was large when we needed numbers. 

I want to take any opportunity to keep getting 1% better: 1% cleaner, 1% more ticket sales, 50% larger pledge class - I have ideas but want to get a full picture before committing to anything specific. 

On top of being a non-offensive face for the frat, I think my biggest strength is operating behind the scenes, supporting others to do the best job they can.

### What does ADP mean to me?

I am the man for this job. Now is the perfect time for me to take a bigger role in the frat

While young in frat years, I’m old in uni years and I want to pay back part of the unpayable debt that I owe each of you, because next year I might have more important things to focus on - Alpha Delt, you guys, mean a lot to me: 

While underwhelming in size, PC 22 is engaged and so far are setting us up for a successful spring rush. It’s been mega to see that we’re averaging more than 1 rushee per dude. I worked as ass rush last year and will support Nick with executing his rush to keep this energy going. 

What do the Alumni, Kappa, and my Dad all have in common? We don’t have strong relationships. While Kappa is a lost cause, and we’re still working on my Dad, we can build a better bridge with the alumni. They came out in numbers to the alumni banquet and I want to push for more events like that, and making sure that they know what going on way in advance. 

There is a gem in the casket of this early 2000s dormitory building. Alpha delt may be relatively small but we’re fucking loud. From ruling on bids day, to porch parties that out do some entire frats, to the cringe phrase we yell during live in week. We’re not always all there, but when we are, we cause a fucking ruckus. 

My name is Alex Grinius and I am running to be president of the best mother fucking house on campus Alpha Delta Phi

# Potential questions and responses

Alpha delt represents a place of opportunity, where you can better yourself and get out what you put in.

Alpha delt stands out as a genuine and caring place. We don’t put on a mask during rush and we take care of each other - sexually and mental health wise. 

It will be my mission to make it as easy as possible for execs and officers to do their job, while also helping anyone else bring their ideas to fruition. 

- Ideas or initiatives that I want to bring to fruition
    - Article 0: nut up or shut up
    - redoing the formality of meetings to encourage more participation
    - discord or other program to better divide tasks for pre and post party to better divide up the load
    - I have a cheap, really good cookie recipe to give to sororities at their meetings
    - Not quite sure yet but redoing how we do exchanges - have a 5 min circle where we share our names and then we move into drinking games and tell the women to byob
    - Officer meetings → divide up people to work under each dude
    - redefine the rush chair to be a public campus relations dude → handling phil, social media, sports and rush
    - Instagram bot to handle the personal DMs like Tommy was talking about
    - Marketing better - the UBC students don't know that they want what we have - young men desire purpose and

# Old Version:

Brothers, soon to be former, brother president, I am not the closest to everyone in the house so to briefly summarize my life: born in Canada, lived in Korea and Switzerland, came back to Canada, everyone thought I was gay in HS,  played a lot of league of legends, didn't get laid, came to uni for engineering, was lame as hell, now I study stats.

Game theory 
has the concept of the infinite game, where the opponent's and goals are
 not clearly defined. The optimal goal is to exist the longest, and you 
do this by focusing only on being better than your past self. Life is an
 infinite game, and more relevant to us, being a frat is an infinite 
game. We will never be great by trying to be the top house, we will only
 be great by being better than we were.

My presidency will focus
 on taking any and all opportunities to be 1% better - 1% more ticket 
sales, 1% more organized, 50% larger pledge class.

- > rewrite this last part to include opportunity

I
 love A∆, we are unique on campus. We give chances to people other 
houses wouldn't - I've gotten close with many of you that I would have 
never met otherwise - we're down to earth and truly care for eachother -
 the fact that we don't put on a mask is a large part of why myself and 
others joined - and finally we may be small but we are the fucking 
loudest house on campus - from yelling like goons during live in week, 
Tommy's porch parties, throwing the largest party every year, we do it 
all with Gusto - my name is Alex Grinius, and I am standing in the dingy
 basement of the best mother fucking house on Campus, Alpha Delta Phi