# DJ Club

Start Date: September 18, 2023

Instructions: [https://www.ams.ubc.ca/student-life/clubs/starting-a-club/](https://www.ams.ubc.ca/student-life/clubs/starting-a-club/)

# Steps

## Application:

1. Fill out form by oct 15th
    1. [https://ubc.ca1.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV_0AO9ENEdCbgWyZE](https://ubc.ca1.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV_0AO9ENEdCbgWyZE)
2. get petition with 25 signatures

## Orientation

1. treasurer needs to attend a course w/in 60 days of getting it started
2. Host general meeting
3. create bylaws
4. create club page on campus base

# Application form:

Name: 

What is the full name of this club?

Additional instructions for the previous question. Please note according to Section 4.1bi of the OCPM, all AMS Clubs created after Jauary 2018 must follow the naming convention AMS [CLUB NAME] at UBC or AMS [CLUB NAME] @ UBC. Furthermore, according to Section 4.1c of the OCPM, club names may not include the words "council" or "society", unless permission is granted from the Operations Committee.

What is the purpose of this club? Be as specific as possible. (150-200 words)

How does this club offer a unique experience to the student body which is not currently offered by any other club or resource? (150-250 words)

Does your club overlap with another pre-existing clubs mandate? How does your club's benefit differ to the benefits from other clubs?

Why does your club specifically need to have an affiliation with the AMS? There are many external organizations that operate at UBC outside of the AMS. We want to know how the AMS can help you specifically!

What type of club?

What is your club's anticipated membership fee for Active Members of the AMS (UBC Students)? Membership fees must be at least $1.00 CAD.

If your club is planning to allow membership of Associate Members of the AMS (Non-UBC Students), what is the anticipated membership fee for Associate Members? Associate membership fees must be at least 1.5x than Active Member fees (eg. $1.50 CAD)

Petition of 25 student signatures. Only uploads in PDF format will be reviewed. You can find the petition [here](https://www.ams.ubc.ca/wp-content/uploads/2020/01/AMS_New_Club_Application_Petition.pdf).

This small quiz is all based on information in the Operations Committee 
Policy Manual (April 2023 ed.). Almost all club operations are based on 
this document, so it is vital that you have access to it. The document 
is available [here](https://www.ams.ubc.ca/wp-content/uploads/2023/06/APRIL-2023_-Operations-Committee-Policy-Manual.pdf).

What number of members is considered quorum at an AGM/IGM if the club has between 100 and 200 members?

Which of the following is NOT a reason for a club to be deconstituted?

What is the minimum number of members for a club to stay constituted in the AMS?

What is one (1) of the nine (9) responsibilities of the AMS Operations Committee?

Does the AMS approve new club applications that are considered "charity" clubs?

Who is the authority for determining whether clubs are in Good or Bad Standing? (authority meaning power to either administer or reverse a standing decision).

At what strike may a club's space privileges (offices, lockers) get revoked?

In this section, please provide detailed descriptions of three (3) major events or initiatives for your club. You must include the event name, the goals of the event, and why you feel this event is proper for your club. (150-250 words each)

In this section, we will be asking for information about the operations of your club that would pertain to its longevity and governance.

How often will your club executives meet?

Will you be applying for funds, grants, and/or loans at some point?

If yes, why would you be needing to apply for grants?

What is your anticipated governing structure of your club (number of executives, officers, coordinators, etc.?

Please specify any affiliations your club may have with an external organisation. If your club is affiliated with an organization, please indicate which organization(s) and how it is affiliated.

IG Chat msg:

Hey everyone, I’ve been talking with a few of you and it seems like there’s significant interest for a DJ club here at UBC. The point of starting this club is to meet other DJs, learn from them, have equipment that everyone can use available. Feel free to add any other people you know that might be interested. My friend Alastair was going to take point on organizing it, if anyone wants to be a part of the exec team or just help operate the club message him. I personally don’t see myself being involved all too much but it would be huge if some of you want to take this project on. There’s a petition and application to finish by Oct 15th, and you’d be able to get funding and become a proper club by January.