# Speech Notes

I will give a summary, detailed notes on what I’m saying is available on the active wall. please hold questions until the end, I promise I will make time to hear all of you out. If I don’t hear from you at the end of this speech please let me know and I will make time to hear you out privately

I start off asking if, at any point, you guys have felt like going inactive. I then ask if you guys like still like the idea of being in a frat, especially if you want to be in a frat that isn’t alpha delt

pause to make sure everyone has answered yes to both those questions

Do you think you deserve better from alpha delt. You answered yes to my riddles. you do. I think you do too. 

I’ve duped you all, what I sent was an essay not a speech. An essay that was an appeal to logic, let me appeal to your emotions. You’re gonna be angry, you’re gonna feel disrespected, you will all share in this experience. Please bear with me for the next little bit, don’t think, just gently listen to my words. Take a deep breath in, exhale, here’s the real speech:

- I hope I have done enough before this speech to earn your respect. Respect means listening whole heartedly to what I have to say, and not asking questions or speaking out of turn until you have done everything everything in your power to understand what I am trying to say.
- I can understand people not wanting to give their full attention, please leave now if you are not in the head space to listen. This is on going, if at any point you feel like you don’t have the strength to sit tight and listen, please get up and leave. Come find me after, I will only say these words one time in meeting, because that is all I need. Now that you’ve made the choice to stay, nut up, shut up and listen
- The point of pledging is to determine who wants to be here the most. The person that wins alphie is the person that has shown they want to be here the most. All of you made it through 80% of pledging, and for that you all have a level of respect from me. You’ve shown you want to be in a frat, you’ve shown you want to be in alpha delt, I want to hear what you have to say about the place you’ve chosen to be. But none of you have earned my full respect.

Now let me ask you all a question, there are no wrong answers I want an opinion, what is the biggest, immediate opportunity you give yourself by joining a frat? 

Those are actually all wrong answers. The correct opinion is in the pledge manual, in the last paragraph of chapter 6, as far as benefits go “The most obvious and immediate is the unique opportunity for practical leadership experience while learning to work harmoniousley within a group”

- I said you all have a level of my respect but no one in this room has my full, uncondiotional respect. The people I primarily go to for support, who I fully respect to help me when no one else seems to be up to the task are not in this room. They’re all older than me, none of them are you. If this is the first time you are really considering the idea that the actual main, immediate thing the frat gives you is the ability to learn while being surrounded by other people that want to learn, and fully trying to comprehend what I’ve just said than none of you have earned a place in my fraternity because none of you have actually read the history. You don’t even know why you’re here, why should I respect any of you that are here. To everyone that is in my pc or a younger pc, none of you have my full support, but you can earn it, let me explain.
- Respect is not earned by default by anyone other than your family. None of you have earned my respect, but you earn it by demandind it. I demand your respect when I say I’ve earned it by being better than you. To backtrack, I am better than you at specific things just as you each are better than me at something. I do not demand respect because I’m in an older PC, because I’ve done the last live in 3 times, because I served on exec, because I am now on the housing commitee, because I’m in a hard major, because I have a girlfriend, because I run a semi successful entertainment group - I have done all those things to benefit me and make me better, none of you should hold an ounce of respect for me soley based on those things I chose to do, and I think it’s unreasonable for any of you to expect my respect for doing any of those things.
- Let me tell you what exactly I am better than you at. I am better at seeing the good in people as I feel like the only person with any faith in this everyone here, I am better at having an impact on the things that I think are important as I’ve never missed when I commit properly, I am better at building a team as I truly see all of you as a part of mine, I more self confidence than you as I have the courage to try sincerly and fail infront of the maximum number of eyes, I am better as I have changed the most since entering this place. Still not convinced. Let me prove it to you now. If respect is shown by listening, I am better than everyone in this room as I have demanded more people than you ever have to listen to me all at once.
- My goal in life is to be the best version of myself. You all have a part to play in that mission if I take the time to listen. If you want to come with me on this journey, earm my respect by learning your history, attempting to understand it, and desiring to be better, and listening whole heartedly when people try to tell you how to be better. Not doing everything that people tell you, they don’t know you fully, I don’t currently respect each of you fully because none of  you have taken the time to get to know me. I intend to continue to participate in this place as far as I want to, but I’ve grown my main focus beyond this place, towards people that have taken the time to actually get to know me. I am old, I don’t have the energy to try and make this place better, I give back as a hobby only as I please.
- I see value in all of you, you can all help me be better and I hope I have convinced even one of you that I despirately think you all can be better and that I want to give everything I can to make that happen. Gain respect by giving back, expect nothing, because you don’t need permission or the respect of everyone to gain from the experience. My full logic is in the essay I sent to all of you.
- Meetings are not a place to have real discussions, they are only a place to present ideas and attempt to get people excited about them. The idea I’ve presented is that frats can be wonderful, alpha delt can be wonderful, but I don’t believe anyone here has earned a place in a wonderful alpha delt, I don’t think many people have earned respect, you are capable of earning respect, if you can earn respect in this basement, you can earn the respect of anyone you wish.