# Speech V1

Questions 

Bear with me, this is gonna be long. Have you ever

- Considered not paying dues
- Felt like going inactive
- Ever Not wanted to be a part of it
- **still like the idea of being in a frat, not specifically us, your ideal frat**

I hope everyone answers yes to the last one.

We work when we all start acting like we're on the same team. You may disagree with peoples ideas and actions. Even if the ideas are wide spread. Your ideas and dreams deserve. But they have to be shared with the confidence that they might be wrong, ideas need to be critiqued by outsiders in order to get better.

Do you want to build the entire man? You have to be better. Don't you like the idea of being better. Everyone has something to offer. A way to contribute. This place is better when you bring your best. 

I ask occasionally what is the point of the pledging process. 3 years of pledging and I've never gotten the answer I want. The reason for all the bull-shit, the history, tests, live in, is to see whether or not you want to be here. That's why we present a united and idealized front to new pledges. 

Remember when you first joined, and how excited you were to be here. Slowly, you realize the imperfections, the issues. The easy answer is to say it's unfixable. It's easy to go inactive. It's easy not to come to meeting. 

The respect due to everyone here is that at one point everyone wanted to be a part of a frat so badly, through all the bull shit, that their ideas are worth being heard. 

I believe your image for alpha delt is grand. You wouldn't be here if you didn't have high hopes. The hard work is making that idea real. It's hard when you feel like the frat isn't giving you anything, it can feel like you should drop. That's fundamentally wrong. The only thing the frat gives you is opportunity for experience. Doesn't the experience of being in a frat sound great? Make it great. You get out what you put in. 

That only works if you also let everyone else contribute. Don't talk about about people's failings behind their back, tell them privately to their face. Build them up. Talking shit is easy, it takes strength to actually confront someone about something. Treat eachother with respect, we're all on the same team. 

We all want to be in a frat. We all want to be in a good frat. We all want to feel like we can have a meaningful impact. We all pledged ourselves ___ ___ ___. We all want to have people hear out truth, you must let people express theirs. We all agree on the most important things . We're all on the same team, act like it. 

Stop tearing eachother down infront of people who aren't in the black. Stop hiding behind close doors when you have something to say to someone. Stop calling people out in front of bigger groups. Start by talking to them 1 on 1. You should never be so frustrated with someone that you feel like you can't talk to them. Talk away from everyone else. Squash the beef. 

The desire each of you have to be here, to continue to want to be be here. Is valid enough for you to be a part and be heard out seriously. 

You only earn the respect to be heard and a part when you give that to everyone else. You don't have any respect for people that don't hear you out, you don't have respect for anyone who doesn't engage with the system. This is all correct but you have to be engaged too. Each and everyone reading this has something great to offer. But let's be real, we all have some absolutely horrific ideas too. You can only claim you are correct if you get others to agree. We're all on the same team.

I write this not as demands, but as what I see as the best way to make this a place I want to be. Please come talk to me if I can clarify anything or if you want to raise concerns on behalf of many people. I want to want to be here but if this speech lands on deaf ears, if no one agrees and no one comes to tell me their counter points to my face, I can leave Alpha Delt to be with the people that inspire me to be better, that really do build me up. I can leave with my shoulders held high because I know I took the hard path trying my best to make things better for everyone. If you decide to go inactive, can you say the same?